{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 AppleColorEmoji;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red35\green36\blue40;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c18039\c18824\c20784;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww23800\viewh15020\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
## Flashcards\
\

\f1 \uc0\u55357 \u56541 
\f0  `NOTE:` Paste the README templates for each subsequent lab here at the top, (i.e. lab 2, 3, 4). This will show a history of your development process including which users stories you completed and how your app looked and functioned at each step.\
\
## Lab 1\
\
### App Description\
In what I have named \'93Flashcards\'94, to be my app, you will see an ominous dark red background. I chose this color because I decided that my question was to be \'93What is my favorite film?\'94. I am a big cinephile so the answer to this question was chosen instantly. My favorite film is \'93Schindler\'92s List.\'94 You might have heard of it, and if you have then you know that it was a very sad film, hence the choice of my colors as the background and the border layers of the boxes. I\'92ve also styled dark shadows surrounding the box to further amplify the dark mood that I am trying to portray. As to the functionality of the app, I\'92ve included multiple choice choices so the user can guess which film is my favorite. For example, if the user picks the choices \'93Lincoln\'94 and Portrait of a Lady on Fire\'94, once they press them, they would get a response of \'93Try Again.\'94 Once they choose the correct answer, \'93Schindler\'92s List\'94, an option would come up that says \'93Correct!\'94. The user can also click back and forth between the labels \'93Schindler\'92s List\'94 and \'93Correct!\'94. All of these choices are chosen by tapping on the desired choice. In summary, this is a simple app that gives the user a set question, with the option of letting them choose the correct answer.\
\
### App Walk-though\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 https://imgur.com/h7NX4vR
\f0\fs26 \cf0 \cb1 \
\
## Required\
- [x] Create New Project in Xcode\
- [x] Add a view for the front side of the flashcard to display the question\
- [x] Add a view for the back side of the flashcard to display the answer\
- [x] Build in logic to show the answer side when the card is tapped\
- [x] Push code to GitHub\
## Optional\
- [x] Toggle the flashcard between the question side and the answer side\
- [x] Style the question and answer side of the card to better distinguish between the two sides\
- [x] Add selectable multiple choice answers beneath the card}